Move Site model fields to Location model (#2964)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/dcim/location.md

    At present, Locations fill the conceptual space between the more abstract Region and Site models and the more concrete Rack Group model. In a future Nautobot release, some or all of these other models may be collapsed into Locations. That is to say, in the future you might not deal with Regions and Sites as distinct models, but instead your Location Type hierarchy might include these higher-level categories, becoming something like Country ← City ← Site ← Building ← Floor ← Room.

Much like Sites, each Location must be assigned a name and operational [`status`](../../models/extras/status.md). The same default operational statuses are defined for Locations as for Sites, but as always, you can customize these to suit your needs. Locations can also be assigned to a tenant.

+++ 2.0.0

> Location now supports all properties previously present on the Site model, including the `asn`, `comments`, `contact_email` `contact_name`, `contact_phone`, `facility`, `latitude`, `longitude`, `physical_address`, `shipping_address` and `time_zone` fields.

Author: Could you give an example for what a callout box might look like?

> Location now supports all properties previously present on the Site model, including the `asn`, `comments`, `contact_email` `contact_name`, `contact_phone`, `facility`, `latitude`, `longitude`, `physical_address`, `shipping_address` and `time_zone` fields.

Reviewer: Changing it like the above *should* render correctly - see https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nautobot/nautobot/develop/nautobot/docs/models/dcim/locationtype.md for an example callout, and compare to the rendered `Added in version 1.5.0` callout at https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/core-functionality/sites-and-racks/#location-types

> +++ 2.0.0
> 
> In Nautobot v2.0, Site and Region will be collapsed in to Location Model. As a result, Location will inherent all the properties of the Site model that is going away [#2954](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2954). Location Model now has `asn`, `comments`, `contact_email`, `contact_name`, `contact_phone`, `facility`, `latitude`, `longitude`, `physical_address`, `shipping_address` and `time_zone` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++ 2.0.0
    Location now supports all properties previously present on the Site model, including the `asn`, `comments`, `contact_email`, `contact_name`, `contact_phone`, `facility`, `latitude`, `longitude`, `physical_address`, `shipping_address` and `time_zone` fields.
```
